{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Dimensoes:\
\
Preview:\
capa: 215x272\
\
\
\
\
\
Newsstand AtomFeed\
\
http://panorama.bonates.com/api/feed.json?id=com.bonates.newsstandbonates\
\
atualmente s\'f3 retorna isso sobre icone:\
<news:cover_art_icons>\
      <news:cover_art_icon size="SOURCE" src="http://panorama.bonates.com/system/uploads/issue/cover/2/PA129_01.png"/>\
</news:cover_art_icons>\
\
News Cover Art Icons (required )\
- The <news:cover_art_icons> element should contain at least one cover art icon. \
\
- Each <news:cover_art_icon> specifies a cover art image for your issue. \
\
- All cover art images should be .png files and have an aspect ratio between 1:2 and 2:1. \
\
-
\b  A cover art icon with size name "SOURCE" is required. This icon must be at least 1024px on the long side. 
\b0 \
\
Apple will automatically scale the 1024px source to fit each device so you do not need to provide multiple images. \
However, if you have designed cover art specifically for each device, you can provide additional sizes of your cover art icon with the following size names:\
\
IPHONE_MULTITASKING_1X - icon must be exactly 57px on the long side\
IPHONE_MULTITASKING_2X - icon must be exactly 114px on the long side \
IPAD_MULTITASKING_1X - icon must be exactly 72px on the long side \
IPAD_MULTITASKING_2X - icon must be exactly 144px on the long side \
IPHONE_SHELF_1X - icon must be exactly 90px on the long side \
IPHONE_SHELF_2X - icon must be exactly 180px on the long side \
IPAD_SHELF_1X - icon must be exactly 126px on the long side \
IPAD_SHELF_2X - icon must be exactly 252px on the long side\
\
The size names are case sensitive. \
You cannot provide a size name that is not listed above. \
If you provide multiple images, those images should look identical or with only minute variations among the different sizes.}